you
what you'll need for this is merino wool
rovings a plastic spray bottle soap that
has the same pH level as your skin which
is 5.5 hot water and bubble wrap start
off by taking your plastic spray bottle
and your soap and squeezing some of the
soap into the bottle then set your tap
suit to really hot water to fill out
your bottle
you may also need a pair of scissors
some people say that you shouldn't cut
the marina well that you should tear it
with your hands instead I've tried both
and I don't really think it makes it
difference so just go ahead and use
whatever you are comfortable with now
just set up lay out your bubble rough
for the bubbles upwards and then you
need to find something to make the
bubble wrap stay in this position so I
use some kind of heavy furniture to keep
it down on both sides otherwise it's
going to be like sliding all over and
you're going to be super annoyed so I'm
going to use our bed that'll keep that
side in place and then I can just either
sit on the other end of the bubble wrap
or just put some other piece of
furniture on there get or your marina
will row goes out and now you have to
kind of decide what length you want your
dreads to be um they do shrink a little
bit um after you've made them they kind
of swell up and shrink all but so they
will become a little thicker and a
little shorter than how they look when
you make them so keep that in mind
so out of this one pack I am going to
make long ones meaning that I'm just
going to cut this in half and yes I'm
using the scissors necklace put one half
aside for now and then divide this half
into two the wool tear is pretty easily
so just be gentle on your hands
and then lay that one half aside and
then start working on this one
if you cut your ends like I've done just
now you end up with the sort of um fat
stubby ends if you want your ends to be
more like thinning out into a point what
you can do is just take your um I'm not
going to do that I'm just going to show
you so you can do then is just take this
apart into two and then layer it like
this so you have a little bit sticking
out of the one half then it will become
a little bit pointy but I don't mind the
slightly chubby ones I think they're
quite cute so here's what you do get
your spray bottle and spray and then you
roll
let's sound this quite horrible but you
know that's how it
if you really can't stand the sound then
you can use a towel instead of the
bubble wrap I just find out the bubbles
kind of help because they work sort of
like fingers you can make the rovings
going like this too but I don't know I
think this is better so you'll need to
keep rolling for maybe five minutes per
bread otherwise they're gonna open up
and remember yeah this looks thin now
but it's gonna swell up a little bit
once it dries if you're tugging your
dreads a little bit and it still opens
up that means you have to keep rolling
but if it doesn't open up then you are
good to put this aside and if you can
keep the dread hanging over right to dry
that is the best way I'd say
so here is what the dreads and tubes are
current kraang look like once they're
braided in so it's a massive awesome
volume so if you guys have any more
questions about how to make um wool
dress then go ahead and ask me and have
a happy new year I'm gonna go put my New
Year's makeup on and get ready for the
evening so I'll see you guys in 2014 bye